(0.2.x)

Test Fixes On Client Side (Mostly Done)

Fix buggy Dynamic Positioning (Done)
Fix OldBird breaking Pikmin that are on an item (Done)
Adjust Latch On system to fix positioning issues with modded entitys and spiders (Done)
Fix Spawn Multipler for indoor Pikmin (Done)
Reduce Lag when withdrawing Pikmin from onion (Done)
Add telport trigger/system for Offence and Assurance's fire exits (Done)
Make Pikmin carry bodies out of the ship to the onion (done)
Add Config options for Hud Visibilty (Done)
Add Pikmin autonomy Configs (Done)
Make Pikmin that spawn indoors invinicble until whistled (Done)
Fix bulbmin not being able to deal dammage when latched on to enemies (Done)
Fix issue that causes maskeds to whistle when Pikmin that cannot be converted are nearby (Done)
Auto Hide HUD if no Pikmin are in the squad (Done)
Make Onions visible from ship windows mod (Done)
Fix item holding bug with pluck animation. (done)
Add in Zap death Animation (done)
Allow Pikmin to "LethalEscape" when carrying items. (Done)

Fix Players being rotated when in the pluck animaiton while being lifted by the tulip snakes (Unable to replicate)
Fix bug that causes whistle items to not be buyable (Unable to replicate)
Fix bug that causes the whistle to break when Remnants is installed. (Unfixable)
Add in late company support (Unable to)

(0.3.x)

Inprove Throwing system on the client side. (Not Started)
Redo Onion Landing System that is more configureable (Not Started)
Add Blacklist for exits that Pikmin can use on certain moons (Not Started)
Add Blacklists for moons that Pikmin can spawn on (Not Started)
Add in function that allows players to be carried to the onion (Not Started)
Add in funciton that allows playes to be revived via the onion (Not Started)
Add in Fire hazard compatability (Not Started)
Make Pikmin get stuck in hydrogear. (Not Started)
Add in config that switches the models and sounds with the ones from other Pikmin games other than 4. (Not Started)
Reduce realay on client side when plucking. (Not Started)
Add Custom Animaitions for Maked Whistling (Not Started)
Reduce lag when converting an enemy to an item. (Not Started)
Add Pluck-a-phone. (Not Started)
Add Ship Global Whistle. (Not Started)
...
...